welcome guys in this new video
ex art slots today I am subject line
today I will explain to you how to do so many
money simply and quickly e
without the help of anyone beautiful for
first thing went into yours
garage and you have to choose the vehicle that
you have to sell the vehicle will not be
replaced and would not carry it vi
I recommend having a super car
complete sports from legendary modà
just stock the site where there are the
more expensive machines but they have a lot
more value is a place freely rashk
or a vehicle that can be replaced
then done this we have to choose
the vehicle to sell
in short, to glitch is the vehicle not
lose it net done this we enter it is
once you turned on the machine yrt
quickly and on ps3 triangle and r2
very well exposes us to this place
or inside our garage
we must go out and send up
internet to buy travel vehicle
transport and san andreas super boss
scroll down and find the license plate
raven that will cost 3 thousand dollars
we buy it and we head towards it
santos cast all
arrived here near the holy scassa
we have to call the mechanic and do it
bring our karin creberg
it doesn't matter that I won't have arrived
no notification that the caliber is in
stade rush
the important thing is to call him and make him come
done this we go to the free steps e
before entering we wait for the
our vehicle will be worn very well
let's go in. feel scassa to sell
our vehicle
once the vehicle is sold c spa
I hear it break out and we have to
take a randomly found vehicle for
road and head towards ours
garage to then enter on foot
I recommend the curling club does not
you have to touch it for no reason
if not the bridge but you can work
safely take a vehicle for you
road and go near your garage
to then enter on foot
once inside you will notice that it is imposed
vehicle you have just sold will be
in your garage and the race in rebel
this click will be gone
it cannot be done without waiting for the usual ones
48 minutes and then repeatedly good
having said that I invite you to leave a
bellarte to the video subscribe to the channel
for other digital content passed by
the digital linking forum description e
comment below if you have questions
asked doubts and bye bye